set 0 "The year 2019 for you is going to be full of ups and downs, leaving you with varied and mixed results throughout the year. During the first initial months of this year, you may feel anxiety taking over you, making you quite enraged and angry, even over petty matters in your day to day life. You may notice, that a distance is formed between you and your family members, especially with your father and your brother, creating a sort of a barrier in between which may have a negative impact on the bonding that you share with one another"
set 1 "Every cloud has a silver lining, and therefore you will experience positivity in the year 2019, which will make you feel confident and a lot better, so says Aries in 2019. You may witness the positive outcomes in your business in terms of getting new clients or earning good profit through sales or the stability with which it may progress. Those who have a job may also receive positive results in terms of their quality of work, or appreciation in some form which will make you feel delightful and pleased"
set 2 "Your life in 2019 will be affirmed and quite favorable for you, as your communication with your near and dear ones will increase, leaving you people without any negativities, complications or differences in the relationship that you share with each other. Travelling is something that is possible for you this year, be it for a short distance or a long one. So, you may either be willing to shift to another city to earn more money and gain more experience, or travel outside the country as it is very much probable"
set 3 "This year is going to be really exciting for you, as it is filled with a lot of astonishments and amazement. This year will be very fruitful for you and your dear ones because there lies a great possibility for you to get promoted at your job or obtain some good amount of profit through your business."
set 4 "An important aspect that you can put emphasis on, this 2019 is, setting up of priorities and working on them accordingly. This is the best time where you can do some good planning and implement them in the most perfect manner to get the best out of yourself and the resources available to you. So, work hard, aim to give your hundred percent and the rest will follow"
set 5 "You may involve yourself in a lot of other activities in your free time, like partying, travelling and other pastimes filled with entertainment and excitement as well. Some of you may be able to amalgamate your joyful activities with your job"
set 6 "2019 will have a very optimistic influence on you as you can expect a lot of surprises, sudden financial profit and bundles of great opportunities. This is not the end, as you may also find meaning in new relationships with people around you, build a good intuitive mind and acquire wealth like never before. You will also indulge in property dealings which will yield you good benefits, as far as your wealth is concerned"
set 7 "This year will be very crucial and significant for all the Gemini people, as there will be a lot of alterations and variations this year, for all of you. There will be both positive as well as negative changes that may occur this year, which will be affiliated with your personal life. This year will be like a roller coaster ride for you, with both optimistic as well as pessimistic experiences."
set 8 "It is advised that you take proper care of your health as there are chances that you may face some health problems, especially the ones that may affect your knees and stomach. So, keep a watch and try to indulge in healthy workouts and a proper diet"
set 9 "This time of the phase also looks like a very average period for love and other relationships to flourish and thus attention is required in these matters as well. You may have to put in constant attempts to make sure that the core of the relationship is in place and that there is no hardship involved whatsoever."
set 10 "The good news is that your partner will always stay with you, to support you through your thick and thins, this year. She will be your source of encouragement and a friend in need, who will aid you in your personal as well as professional life"
set 11 "This seems to be the best time to confess your love for someone, as the time will serve you the best and benefit you in making the right decisions, related to relationships. Along with being in a new association, you will also share a great bonding with the existing relationships that you have, making you all the more closer to them"
set 12 "As far as your career is concerned, this year will show you a lot of modifications in terms of your work related matters. You may witness a lot of changes and may have to take a lot of important decisions this year which will affect your career drastically. Thus, be calm and wise while doing so, be it business or a job. You may have several new opportunities to choose from, which will directly influence your career"
set 13 "Get ready as the world will be your oyster. You will come off with flying colors as you will witness a positive transformation in both, personal and professional life, a whole nine yards, during this phase"
set 14 "You are an ambitious, determined and helpful person. It is truly said that, it is better to stock up before the winter comes. As you are also a reliable, practical and hardworking person, it is a perfect time to think about your future. And remember that, action speaks better than words. Try to improve yourself, think more rationally and make realistic plans, and keep the eye on the ball, always! "
set 15 "Are you planning to buy a new home? Or a more comfortable office? It seems like the most unexpected benefits are just around the corner, and you may win a lottery or get a promotion, or see the rates of your shares quickly going up! So, be prepared as it is more likely that you may invest in property."
set 16 "As we know, nothing interesting is ever one-sided. It seems that you are very lucky and fortunate for the most of part of the year. If you have any of your long-term plans waiting, or thinking to initiate something new then hold on that thought for a while"
set 17 "It is advised for you to remain in touch with the reality around and not give in to false urges and desires this year. Even though the previous year was not a good one for you, this year will bring prosperity, happiness and you may encounter moments of bliss and pleasure. You had been through a lot the previous year, so this year is the time to make the most of it and enjoy to the fullest "